move non-docker content to `getting-started-with-knotx-stack` (#64)
Knotx/knotx-website: src/render/tutorials/getting-started-with-knotx-stack/2_0.html.md

  }
}
```

The most important thing is to register it by its name. In this case, it was `"hellohandler"`. 

The handling it performs is simply ending the response with previously configured *"Hello World from Knot.x!"* JSON.

Finally, let's update the main project's `settings.gradle.kts` file, so that it will recognize the new module. 

Simply add those two lines:
```kotlin
include("hello-module")
```
and
```kotlin
project(":hello-module").projectDir = file("modules/hello-module")
```

## Build & Run

The process of distributing Knot.x via stack is the following:

```
$ ./gradlew build
```

This command is building the distributable zip archive. It can be found under `build/distributions` directory.

This archive is fully functional Knot.x distribution and can be deployed on any Unix-based machine.

In order to run it, first we need to unzip it.

```
$ cd build/distributions
$ unzip knotx-stack-<version of your project>.zip
```

Now let's navigate to unzipped `knotx` folder and make `knotx/bin/knotx` file executable.

```
$ cd knotx
$ chmod +x bin/knotx
```

The final step is executing the starting script:

```
$ bin/knotx run-knotx
```

The application should start.

> After a while it should be up and running and the endpoint can be accessed. Let's use [curl](https://curl.haxx.se/) for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After a while it should be up and running and the endpoint can be accessed. Let's execute:
```
